logs: small updates (#1207)
rug-cit-hpc/league-of-robots: roles/logs_server/README.md

Every logs type, needs it's own server, to which the clients can connect.

The steps are:
 - in the `static_inventory/logs_library.yml` define a new instance
 - assign the correct `logs_class` variable for individual instance- example 'diagnostics':
     `logs_class: 'development'`
 - deploy the new server and run the `single_group_playbooks/logs.yml` on top of it
 - define the client's environment to use the same type of logs servers - example Hyperchicken:
   (edit the `group_vars/hyperchicken_cluster/vars.yml` and configure the lines)
   `logs_class: 'development'` or `logs_class: 'diagnostics'`

>    Where the stacks logs servers values are already defined in the `static_inventory/logs_library.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Where the stack's logs servers values are already defined in the `static_inventory/logs_library.yml`
```

   file, and in the `group_vars/logs_library/ip_addresses.yml`

>  - initialize the apropriate client LOR stack environment and on them deploy the same `single_group_playbooks/logs.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - initialize the apropriate client LOR stack environment and then deploy the same `single_group_playbooks/logs.yml`
```

 - in order for jumphost jump to work (explained in VI.

>    - the invididual stack have to have the logs servers added in the `additional_etc_hosts` in the file `group_vars/[stack]/vars.yml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - the individual stacks need the logs servers added to the `additional_etc_hosts` variable in the file `group_vars/[stack]/vars.yml`
```

   - `single_role_playbooks/static_hostname_lookup.yml` needs to be run on the jumphosts of that individual stack

>    - the variable `iptables_allow_ssh_inbound` in the `group_vars/logs.yml` must contain correct jumphost's value and iptables redeployed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - the variable `iptables_allow_ssh_inbound` in the `group_vars/logs.yml` must contain correct jumphost's value and the `iptables` role must be redeployed.
```
